wow
wow i actually didn't expect that one
[Music]
hello how are you doing i feel like
we've not just
sat down in a few weeks so we are back
with
episode two of girl chat i
have asked a few questions on my
instagram and i
absolutely loved doing this video a few
weeks back when i was in dubai and just
going through loads of questions like
absolutely
nothing is off-limits a chance for us to
talk about
all things girly girly
all things girly all things just
everything from relationships
to fat loss to weight gain to
just everything in between as well but
definitely like with a more focus on
like personal stuff you know the drill
we will just get
straight into it i've just spent the
past like five minutes
like scrubbing these mirrors behind me
because
my ring light really shows up every
single like smudge possible and it's
been bugging the knife out of me let's
get these questions up
wow how wow
so the first one that has come right up
to the top
i don't if you can see there did your
first time hurt
wow i actually didn't expect that one
that has caught me off guard i'm just
gonna answer this one word yes
that is that let's ease into it a bit
more do you take any supplements
not protein powder pre-workout thank you
to be honest i don't really like i plan
on
using creatine in the next few weeks
maybe
that's the only other supplement i've
used i'll have maybe
some like omega-3 or like multivitamins
but i don't take any of the supplements
you really don't need
hella extra supplements to be honest
it's just if you want getting enough
sort of like nutrients from
your food but you can definitely get all
your nutrients and everything extra
from your nutrition like what you're
eating daily your fruit veg
or your whole food come off the peel and
got post
peel acne tips for dealing with this
okay this is this is exactly what i've
gone through so i came off the pier like
months back and i've been really
struggling with my skin
and really struggling just with my
hormones being completely up and down
i also have suffered from acne since i
was super young
and it's kind of difficult i think just
trust
sort of like trust your body and the
process like not everyone when they come
with appeal gets
cystic acne again your hormones are just
going through a transitional phase
so just bear with it just make sure
you're drinking like washing
everything out with lots of water
especially if you've taken the pill
for a really long period of time it's
completely normal if you just think
about it because
you've been on a pill that has like
messed about with your hormones
potentially for a long time and it's
just natural that when your hormones
change it's going to come out in your
skin
things like that but just make sure
you're having lots of vitamins in your
diet and just
keeping super hydrated and i promise you
it will calm down whilst i was in it to
buy
my skin i'll pop some pictures on the
screen for you i definitely
plan on doing a whole video on this but
i think it was a mixture of
my hormones being a bit up and down
stress
and just the humidity and things whereas
like since i've been back in the uk
i've got the odd spot but it's calmed
down so much more i know how frustrating
it is and it's difficult to pinpoint
when
say if you don't change something in
your diet how do you stay confident and
comfortable with who you are
you always seem so happy and joyful i'm
definitely not
always like happy and joyful mason can
definitely
vouch for that i to be honest with you i
don't come on social media if i'm ever
feeling
super down in the dumps first thing i do
is like just avoid social media because
i think sometimes that can just
make me feel worse sometimes and i
usually just like to switch off so
i guess just like sometimes you don't
feel like talking to people
when you're feeling really down in the
dumps advice for how do you stay
confident and comfortable with who you
are
i think that's that comes with time
obviously in age
i meditate every single day which helps
me stay super grounded and that i write
down
my affirmations like what i'm grateful
for i how can i put it
obviously we all have like our ups and
downs i know what like i bring to the
table i know
like what i stand for and what my morals
and values are and i consider myself
like a good
a good person like a kind good person
and i think that's what makes me
feel comfortable in who i am because i
know my intentions are
pure shall we say but i would just say
like if you're struggling with
confidence in yourself
and just feeling comfortable in who you
are just sort of like
take some time one day and just write
down like i think i did an exercise
with me so me mason did an exercise like
maybe two years ago a bit brutal but it
was just like if you're on your death
bed
or like if you had to imagine yourself
at your funeral what would you want
people
to describe you was or like what was
something really deep like that
i remember that sort of like really made
me think about like
who am i kind of thing and who i want to
be and i do think yeah what do you want
to be remembered
as like we don't live forever it's just
good to
know what you want to put out into the
world what energy you want to give
when you spend time with people how do
you want to make them feel and how do
you want to feel
so yeah i think i went off a bit of
tangent in that one if best friend isn't
supportive of fitness journey mocking or
trying to make you eat badly etc
etcetera
i'm a bit savage about this that that
doesn't sound like your best friend
to be honest if she is like mocking you
i guess unless if it's like a
light-hearted
jokey way i don't really know what
context that would be but i would just
explain how you feel just say you're
trying to take something seriously and
yeah you just appreciate her not mocking
you she's going to continue
and you don't need that kind of person
in your life like you want to be
bringing each other up as like best
friends you want to be helping one
like helping each other and see each
other win so
yeah just have a conversation and if
that doesn't work eliminate
coke zero today i'm not drinking my tea
next still get lean only training in
higher rep range
yes you can get lean training in any
range low range higher range
it obviously all depends like what your
daily
energy expenditure is on a whole and
what like how many calories in versus
how many calories out it's not
necessarily
just based on whether you do higher or
lower reps if you want any tips
for recovering after a day of indulging
i love your channel
thank you so much so i would say
just take the pressure off yourself make
sure you really understand and like just
realize like one day of indulging or
like celebrating having a birthday just
anything like that
is not going to change your progress
like
it's just one day say if you worked out
one day
like you know yourself you couldn't
expect to have you like
results from that and it's the exact
same with having like a day off of
indulging or going over
like eating in a massive calorie surface
it's
it's not as like basic biology just
doesn't kind of work like that
so do you ever struggle with not eating
enough every day
this actually isn't personally something
i've ever struggled with i have
always had quite a big appetite i've
never struggled with not eating enough
it's always the opposite so if i'm in a
cursing phase or whatever like
i've got to i like to eat like more high
volume stuff but if you
do struggle with like getting your
macros and calories in i would suggest
having foods that are higher in calories
so for example
bulking things up like say if you're
having like a protein shake pop some
like peanut butter in there and just
get your calories in other ways and like
maximize
your calories if you're if you're
getting today and you're feeling like
you're not eating enough another way is
splitting up like your eating windows if
you prefer having like five smaller
meals opposed to
three bigger ones definitely give that a
try there's loads of ways and
like tips and stuff that you can change
there on
to the next question so what did you
think of dubai
fav places to eat without a doubt it's
come straight to my mind my favorite
place and favorite meal we had in dubai
was a place called cato which is in
a hotel called alnasi was the best meal
and like
nicest experience we had whilst we were
in dubai dubai as a whole i
absolutely love it there so mason's
family have lived there mason sisters
lived in dubai for like over 10 years
now
so whilst me and they have been together
like we've always gone over and visited
we've spent christmas there dubai kind
of feels a bit like a home from home
anyway and then we've been considering
moving over there
i'm still kind of undecided at the
moment just because of
some like projects that i'm working on
in the uk
and obviously penelope there's ways
around everything and i'm just
still kind of deciding like where me
mason is we don't have like
close family that live nearby like
either as mason's
like dan stuff like that lives in london
my dad and brother
live in yorkshire so it's just kind of
random that we're both like why we're
here we don't really have any like ties
and stuff and we can
kind of work remotely like that a lot
like i think the majority of us can at
the moment
with working from home so yeah so that's
kind of like our
situation but yeah that wasn't even the
question but yeah dubai
i absolutely love love it there the only
thing i was gonna say
it was super random so like the only
downside i found was just like the
grocery
situation like if you're planning on
living there because it's quite hard to
get
i don't know like i just found like the
meat tasted a bit strange there and
the fruit and veg super random and i
feel like that's such a me thing to say
but yeah that was the only kind of like
downside but i really like the lifestyle
there and obviously the weather is just
so gorgeous and bright all year round
and i do that's super energizing
i'm not really a city person so i'm kind
of shocked about how much i
love to buy it because i would always
choose like a beach break over
a city break and i'm definitely not a
city person we stayed in
like on the palm like well we stayed in
downtown
the marina and then we stayed on the
palm twice and we
we ended up like extending our stay in
an apartment there and i would
definitely if we were to move that i
would definitely
live on the palm i just love the whole
vibe then it's a bit more chill
there's more dogs about just a bit more
me so
that is dubai who takes care of your dog
when you're away
so i'm penelope has god parents
one of my close friends looks after
penelope they're actually like a couple
and they're just the best people and
it's quite funny because they're super
similar to
mason and i which creeps me out
sometimes because
we do really similar things penelope
absolutely loves them to be so it was so
nice when
they came to drop penelope off and i
could see that penelope
really loves her auntie as well what
fake tan
do you use and what's your routine so i
use
well my favorite fake tan at the moment
has been bondi satins
i've actually ran out i need to get some
more really nice deep
golden tan and i really prefer the dark
tan i went for a stage of using the
medium but i felt like i just ended up
applying it
every other day whereas i like my tan to
be like a nice
deep dark color for like three days i've
tanned
faked hand religiously since i was about
and you know when you go through phases
of like always
tanning and some of my friends are like
oh god i don't know how you can be
bothered i cannot go without
tanning like it's just like part of my
routine so i probably tan
every three days and then i like to
sleep in my town overnight and then and
i'll scrub it off like twice a week
i don't enjoy like scrubbing it off
process or like the scaly
phase that you go through that is my
current routine i will definitely share
that in a vlog
if you would like to see like my full
routine when i was in dubai like
mixing not mixing but like using like a
garnier
moisturizer tanner as well as like a
bondi sandsword that combo did not work
out like in my head i thought that was
going to be like
the dream combo because you're
moisturizing and also
i thought that would avoid you know the
scaly phase but no it just made it worse
and for some reason a fantasy
moisturizer is so hard to get
out your you know the scaly bits would
you go vegan
i did try to go vegan for a day and i
did like it and i do
love some like vegan meals like
sometimes i'll get like a vegan option
maybe i don't mind trying the odd vegan
meal but it's not something that i would
want
to do long term at the moment is how to
deal with men staring too much in the
gym
do you know because obviously we
traveled like we obviously spent time in
dubai and then
we were in bulgaria before we came back
to
the uk different cultures of men find
staring or like maybe it's more i don't
know if it's more acceptable in certain
cultures or what like it does seem
different like depending on where you
live and where you go like maybe it'd be
different in the us
could be different in the uk to the uae
or bulgaria or somewhere else in
europe say i think that sort of comes
into it so i personally
just like to stare back like if
someone's staring at me i'll make them
feel uncomfortable and just
look over and just say like what what
are you doing i don't know whether
that's the best approach to take but i
personally find they generally stop when
you sort of give them
the eye back like what are you looking
at because i think if you kind of like
hide away
they sort of carry on staring so that is
my way but if someone's making me feel
really uncomfortable and
just being like inappropriate i would
just go over excuse me like i found that
really
rude like completely depends on like
this the circumstance have you ever made
girlfriends in the gym yes i've actually
made so many
friends like some of my closest friends
i've met in the gym and i think that's
such a nice
like way to meet other people because
you've generally got a lot of common
interest and it's nice to train together
yummy is protein for oats i'm so glad
you've asked me this because how much do
i
go on about either cookies and cream
protein or vanilla cream
i've literally nearly finished this in
10 days
it's the blueberry lemon diet away and
oh
my god it is like like a lemon cake
it's absolutely divine i haven't touched
any of my other proteins like this has
just been
unreal it is limited edition so i'm
really hoping that this doesn't go
anywhere because
oh you've got to try this i will leave
them this linked down
below how long does it take you to get
the physique you have now
it's definitely not being like a linear
process
my current physique has been built over
so i'm going to say
like six or seven years it's taken me i
feel like i've made the most progress in
the past two years it had been a gradual
process like i did
a book three years ago that i think
actually probably
was the most beneficial thing i ever did
because i managed to put on
a lot of muscle mass and also it's like
quite a lot of fat
oh penelope's like stone let me see
coming in next one is what do you look
like when you're bloated i'll pop a
picture that i posted on instagram when
i'm bloated i don't really take many
photos when i am like super bloated i
will just avoid
i'll put on some like comfy baggy
clothes i mainly get
my most bloated just before my period or
like whilst i'm on my period or if i've
just
been eating hella food so yeah help with
stubborn belly fat losing weight in
other areas but not there
i know how frustrating this can be but
you can't spot reduce fat so
it just takes being in a calorie deficit
and you might lose your like we're all
different genetically but you may lose
fat
first in other places but eventually you
will lose that lower belly fat if that's
what you're
desiring next one is have you ever felt
insecurities and if so
have you battled them yes i've
definitely felt
insecurities i definitely still have
insecurities i don't know whether
they're insecurities but more like well
yeah
they are securities and stuff that i
work on every day now
is probably like childhood traumas or
things or like certain relationships so
for example like i feel like throughout
my childhood i don't really know how to
put it but throughout my childhoods like
i feel like i had so much imbalances
in certain areas and i felt like a lot
of pain
throughout times when i was like really
young as i'm sure we all have gone
through at some point i feel like this
is it comes up in my day-to-day life now
as a grown woman
so that's something that i work on i'm
like trying to acknowledge
and yeah an area that i'm trying to
think like it's hard to
put this into words because it isn't
something i've ever actually spoken
about but more so
growing up with obviously like my dad as
a male figure
and i don't know yeah anyway i'll talk
about that another time maybe i'll go
into more depth let's
next question what do you eat in a day
on rest days
i eat the same thing what i do on a
training day i personally don't like
lower my calories how did you shift your
mindset
i don't know what aspect this is in but
i think shifting your mindset on a whole
is something you need to work on
every day and i think what's helped me
most is
focusing on like being a better
you than what you were yesterday like i
think we can all get so caught up in
focusing on like
the long term end results and that can
almost like make you feel
a bit lower in self-esteem whereas i
find when you just focus
on like hitting your daily goals and
sort of being better than what you were
yesterday
it's a lot more invigorating and
just fills you with a bit more energy
rather than feeling like you're
constantly not doing enough so just
focusing on
like toward the end of the day just
think like what have i achieved today
that is going to help me tomorrow kind
of thing just look a bit more short-term
something else that's helped me change
like my mindset is just
working on your daily little habits like
things
like really figure out like what sort of
say if you procrastinate or whatever
like try and just ask yourself like why
am i procrastinating is it because
just sort of ask these questions in your
head and hold yourself
accountable and just really sort of like
dig a bit deeper than what you normally
would
answer loads of questions there and i
don't want to go on and on but let me
know if you would like
say girl talks but on like just certain
things so like maybe like just
relationships
or anything separate like fitness q a's
definitely let me know
i had a lot of like actually similar
questions on there so i'm glad i've got
through
some of those yeah i really like mixing
my content up at the moment just doing
things
a bit different a bit out there and just
having fun with it as well to be honest
so yeah i hope you enjoyed this one and
i can't wait to see you in
the next video i have a lovely rest of
your day evening whatever time it is and
i'll see you
in the next one
[Music]
you